Create "User Guide" page, move and update "The Transfer Form" documentation (#486)
NationalCentreTruthReconciliation/Secure-Record-Transfer: docs/application_overview/submission-form.rst

The Submission Form
===================

The Submission Form serves as the heart of the public-facing application, where metadata about
records can be provided by donors and files can be uploaded for transfer to the institution.

A submission can be initiated by clicking on either "Submit" on the navigation bar or the "Submit
Your Records" button on the homepage. This will take the donor to the submission form.

.. image:: images/access_submission_form.png
    :alt: How to access the submission form

Form Overview
#############

The Submission Form is divided into multiple steps to simplify the submission process. At the

> bottom of each step, navigation buttons, **Next Step** and **Previous Step** can be found to move
> through the form. "Click to save form and resume later" can also be clicked to save progress and
> return to the form at a later time.

Reviewer: The wording here is a bit awkward. Here's a suggestion for re-wording it:

```suggestion
bottom of each step, the navigation buttons **Next Step** and **Previous Step** can be clicked to
proceed to the next step or go to the previous step in the form, respectively. The link "Click to
save form and resume later" can be clicked to save the current form and return to it at a later
time.
```

Author: I agree, I've applied your suggestion here: https://github.com/NationalCentreTruthReconciliation/Secure-Record-Transfer/pull/486/commits/e0158f69f8df70e6bc7f0f1cbe212de7f278cca0
